[wasm] Update for stable (#10546)
flutter/website: src/content/platform-integration/web/wasm.md

as a compilation target when building
applications for the web.

:::note
**Support for Wasm is now stable!**

> : WebAssembly support for Flutter web is available on the Flutter [`stable`][].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: WebAssembly support for Flutter web is available on the Flutter [`stable`][] channel.
```

> **Dart's next-gen Web interop is now stable!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Dart's next-gen web interop is now stable!**
```

  section to learn more. 
:::

[`beta`]: {{site.github}}/flutter/flutter/wiki/flutter-build-release-channels#beta
[`main`]: {{site.github}}/flutter/flutter/wiki/flutter-build-release-channels#master-aka-main
[`stable`]: {{site.github}}/flutter/flutter/wiki/flutter-build-release-channels#stable
[`package:web`]: {{site.pub-pkg}}/web
[`dart:js_interop`]: {{site.dart.api}}/{{site.dart.sdk.channel}}/dart-js_interop 

> :::note

Author: This shouldn't be linked from the Wasm page. It's kinda weird. We should put this maybe in the FAQ?

Reviewer: Feel free to delete it. File a bug if you feel it should be put in the FAQ, cause I guarantee I will forget.

Author: https://github.com/flutter/website/issues/10554

```console
Experimental options
    --wasm                       Compile to WebAssembly (with fallback to JavaScript).

>                                  See https://flutter.dev/wasm for more information.

Reviewer: This link is linking to the same page that we're on... Can we delete?

Author: This is SHOWING what the output of the CLI is, so I think it's fine.

flutter build web --wasm
```

The command produces output into the `build/web` directory relative to the
package root.

### Serve the output with an HTTP server

> Flutter Web WebAssembly uses multiple threads to render your application

Reviewer: Do we really need "Flutter web WebAssembly"? Can we just say "Flutter WebAssembly"? At any rate, "Web" should be "web".

```suggestion
Flutter web WebAssembly uses multiple threads to render your application
```

faster, with less jank. To do this, advanced browser features are used that
require specific HTTP response headers.

:::warning

> Flutter Web applications will not run with WebAssembly unless the server is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flutter web applications won't run with WebAssembly unless the server is
```

configured to send specific HTTP headers.
:::

<div class="table-wrapper">

| Name | Value |
|-|-|
| `Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy` | `credentialless` <br> or <br> `require-corp` |
| `Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy` | `same-origin` |

{:.table}

</div>

> To learn more about these headers, see [Load cross-origin resources without CORP headers using COEP: credentialless](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/coep-credentialless-origin-trial).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about these headers, check out
[Load cross-origin resources without CORP headers using COEP: credentialless][coep].

[coep]: https://developer.chrome.com/blog/coep-credentialless-origin-trial
```
